Move GridSensor into main package (#5256)
Unity-Technologies/ml-agents: docs/Migrating.md

current `BoardSize`. The values returned by `GetCurrentBoardSize()` must be less than or equal to the corresponding
values from `GetMaxBoardSize()`.

### GridSensor changes
The sensor configuration has changed:
* The sensor implementation has been refactored and exsisting GridSensor created from extension package
will not work in newer version. Some errors might show up when loading the old sensor in the scene.
You'll need to remove the old sensor and create a new GridSensor.
* These parameters names have changed but still refer to the same concept in the sensor: `GridNumSide` -> `GridSize`,
`RotateToAgent` -> `RotateWithAgent`, `ObserveMask` -> `ColliderMask`, `DetectableObjects` -> `DetectableTags`

> * `RootReference` is removed and default to the sensor component's GameObject.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `RootReference` is removed and the sensor component's GameObject will always be ignored for hit results.
```

* `DepthType` (`ChanelBase`/`ChannelHot`) option and `ChannelDepth` are removed. Now the default is
one-hot encoding for detected tag. If you were using original GridSensor without overriding any method,
switching to new GridSensor will produce similar effect for training although the actual observations
will be slightly different.

For creating your GridSensor implementation with custom data:

> * To create custom GridSensor, derive from `GridSensorBase` instead of `GridSensor`. Besides overriding

Reviewer: This should go in the documentation somewhere (and refer to it from the migration guide)
